---
layout: 1
title: “links” ministory-thing
nav: disaster-crew
---
[2023/01/11]  
**core idea**: convey the "backstory"/2012 timeline but like those Toyhou.se character links, where there's a little blurb from both characters' points of view

## 2012, spring
- Nico & Tara: BFFs?
	- Nico's a rowdy go-getter, celebrating his 14th birthday; his neighbor Tara is his BFF, except that she's been growing distant lately. He doesn't really know why but whatever, maybe it's a girl thing; he's got plenty other friends to keep him busy. Still, when they take clips for the Vine or help him with prank calls, it's just not the same....
	- Tara likes Nico plenty and always has. Thing is, she fit in with *him* but not so much his *friends,* and she knows he's annoyed by how often she has to bring her sister along. Also, she kinda has high school and college and careers and everything to worry about, which Nico's too young to get. And she *definitely* wishes he'd stop play-flirting with her....
- Tara & Sara: sisters!
	- Tara cares an awful lot about Sara, and likes to think she's a good autism sister. Sara rarely talks but Tara understands her just fine, and they like playing games and watching kooky Japanese animations together. Not *too* out there though, haha; Tara makes sure everything's filtered, including their fan forum account that no one else knows about. Sometimes she swears she uses that thing more than Sara....
	- Sara likes Tara, Tara's cool. Kinda pushy sometimes, doesn't really *get* Sara and sometimes talks to her like she's stupid, but *most* people talk to Sara that way and Tara's at least nice about it. Tara even agrees they should get a fluffy little kitten like Sara's wanted for *forever,* because there's someone on the computer who agrees pets are really good. If it works, this is gonna be the best summer *ever.*
- Tara & Ivy: internet pen pals
	- There's this girl Tara's been chatting with, calls herself "Ivy." They know each others' unpopular opinions about anime like nobody's business, and despite what their parents have told them, they *do* know a little bit about the others' real life too; Tara can't *not* explain she's sharing the account when Sara's posts sound so different, and from what Tara's heard, Ivy's mom sounds pretty overbearing. Maybe the Caine parents are just extra lenient, though. Lord knows they keep joking about the kids being spoiled, haha....
	- Ivy doesn't get along with many people, but that internet girl---sorry, if mom asks, it's an old classmate who moved away---is really nice. So as far as Ivy's concerned she has two friends: her dog, Buddy, who's grown up with her, and... the older sister of Catluvr_2004. It's weird not knowing her name. But the sister doesn't know Ivy's real name, either, and in fact doesn't even know she's been given a fake one, so they're... even? Yeah.
		- [did not intend to actually start writing the thing but SHRUG. uhh this is alright but emphasize the whole "Tara gives Ivy a much-needed outside perspective on what's normal" thing, that's kind of more important than the name]

### one night
- Ivy & Tara
	- If Ivy'd known how much her last message was going to freak Tara out, maybe she wouldn't have sent it. Or maybe she would've reconsidered the whole thing. But... no, there's no way, she can't just sit there while Buddy gets lost in the streets and dies alone. And Ivy doesn't plan on coming back, so she gives Tara her real name to remember her by, and that's that.
	- Holy shit. Holy shit. Holy *shit*?! This wasn't how Tara wanted to learn--- Oh god, what the hell, she's *running away*?! Is this Tara's fault for making her think her mom was evil? Not that Tara was *trying* to do that, but it kept coming up and Tara thought it was a bit much, and this new thing with the dog is a step above, but *still*! It's practically midnight! If Tara just--- doesn't look at that tab, the one about what to do when your friend says something concerning (none of it applies! Tara doesn't even know where she lives!), just close it out and go to bed and fall asleep and maybe it'll all be some horrific nightmare. (But if something *does* happen---)
- Tara & Sara
	- There are cons to sharing a room. Tara didn't say anything, but the bright screen must've woken Sara up. *Shit.* Okay, well, that answers that---no freaking out. Tara's gotten good at that. Swallow, chill, tell Sara it's no big deal, go back to sleep. Shut it off, shut it down. Easy. Don't worry. Good night.
	- Sara doesn't know much about this... internet dog girl Tara likes. Tara didn't even say this was about her. But Sara's smart, and she knows Tara's never so secretive when she's talking to Nico or his friends. This isn't *nothing.* But no one ever tells Sara anything, anyway....

[ok got sidetracked gonna actually (try to) tl;dr the rest]

### friends?
- Sara & Tara: Sara let the cat out, Tara's *this* close to yelling at her. They're both overtired.
- Tara & Nico: Tara can't fake it around Nico (or, well, she *can,* but not *well*), and he immediately notices something's up. She tells him everything; he tells her to calm down but thankfully isn't dismissive, and looks up the girl's name. Nico's got a plan, don't even worry about it; he knows this is serious but he's gonna have a little fun with it, too. Turns out Ana/Ivy is actually really close, and if her dog went missing first, maybe they'll find her or the dog in that one woods. He's been *dying* to have an excuse to go there.
- Nico & Ivy: Nico didn't expect an abandoned mansion but they *do* find the dog---and, not long after, a drowning girl. Nico's gonna be a lifeguard, he's got this; and in the process of trying to save her, he nearly gets drowned himself, because holy *shit* he did not account for what it'd be like to actually save someone. Good thing Tara (and a new friend?) found a rope, or they might've been *real* screwed. / Ivy barely processes what's happening. Buddy's there---*Buddy,* alive and well and everything, he didn't fall in the river after all. Her mouth got cut open, *bad,* in the scuffle, but she barely notices. The boy who saved her is kind of cute. And his friend---oh, *that's* Tara? She looks like a lesbian. But that's definitely not the worst thing Ivy's seen lately, and nothing else matters. The boy, Nico, is allergic to dogs, but he offers to let her stay at his place anyway while they get things sorted out.
	- ["try to tl;dr" lmao]
- Ava & Tara: Ava has no clue who these three are or where they came from or how they all seem to know each other, and two of them definitely think she's weird. That's nothing new. But the third, Tara, actually seemed interested in Ava's little paradise. Ava's nearly *certain* she knows the kitten Tara was looking for, too. She'll just have to come back some time! / Tara has never met anyone so goddamn *weird*, and some of Nico's friends are really out there. But unlike those boys, when she's in Ava's semi-abandoned Victorian hideout, Tara feels... relaxed, for the first time in what she didn't realize had been so long. Of course she's worried about Ivy, and doesn't think this totally-not-a-kidnapping plan of Nico's is a good idea. But somehow all she can think about are those morbid little taxidermies, and how brightly Ava smiled when introducing them all.

## 2012, summer
- Sara & Tara: Sara's noticed Tara going out a lot. Tara says it's Nico; Sara's not so sure. Their parents are convinced; that boy's going through a lot, his parents have always fought too much (when Mr. Sylvester's home at all), so it's good for Tara to go spend more time with him. Sara thinks Tara should spend more time with *her*, because Harper (the kitten) got *lost* and still hasn't come home, no matter how much Sara shakes the treat bag. / Tara feels a little bad leaving Sara behind more often. But Sara's gotta grow up sooner or later, right? Tara can't be there for her *forever.* Sara's a big girl, she can take care of herself. Tara's got her own life, now.
- Nico & Tara: Nico just doesn't understand girls. Feels like one day Tara was his BFF, but now she barely talks to him. Where'd she *go*? She's being like this to Ivy, too, apparently; now *there's* a girl who's on Nico's wavelength. She *listens.* Tara *used* to. And Nico's supposed to spend summers out with her, so he doesn't have to be stuck in his cold, empty house all day. *UGH.* / Tara isn't sure why Nico's so mad at her, suddenly. Maybe her parents are right and he's just frustrated about everything, because his parents never got along. But they've always been like that, and Nico's never given Tara the cold shoulder like this. Is it because he's talking to Ivy now? Is *that* what guys do at this age, just find girls to get obsessed with and ditch their old friends? That sucks. Fine, whatever, Tara will just leave him to it. Not like Ivy's been all warm and friendly lately, either....
- Ivy & Nico: Ivy had to embellish the story a little but she still can’t believe she’s allowed to talk to a stranger---a *boy* stranger, at that. But her mom’s thankful Nico saved her precious child’s life (ugh), so despite all suspicion, they can talk. And talk they do—Nico’s going through a lot, Ivy learns that pretty quick, and it’s more than enough to let her forget everything she usually complains about, at least for a while. Oh, and when she *does* get a turn, Nico’s sympathetic. And neither of them know what the hell got into Tara. / Ivy likes him a lot. // Nico’s guy friends still can’t be normal about him having friends who are girls, huh? First they were all “dude, Tara's gonna fall for some nerd, you *gotta*,” which was funny and all, but now they think he’s some homo because he talks to some quiet girl the next city over and doesn't want to get in her pants. Well, *fuck* them, they don’t get it. They never did. Ivy does. He communicates with them, all right—he’s more than happy to shoot their fucking faces in over video games. How’s *that* for being a good friend. 
	- [this is barely even about Ivy; Nico+Tara was more about her. *good,* actually, that tracks; he likes her and all, but it's not really about *her*. he could be talking to a sentient lamp.]
- Ava & Tara: Ava thinks Tara's a very good friend! It's nice having someone to share this place with, for once. And while it's not like Ava knew Tara before this summer, Tara seems to be coming alive right before her eyes. It's really nice. / Tara is *enthralled*. Creepy abandoned Victorian mansion in the middle of the woods is one thing, but to turn it into a private summer paradise? where you take in stray pets and keep them fed and clean, without any adults butting in to ask you about clubs or college or careers? And it's all run by the sunniest little girl scout to ever exist?! Sign Tara the *hell* up! Is it weird that she feels like she's told Ava more than she ever told Nico? Man, Tara could do this forever....

### later
- Ivy & Tara: It was only a matter of time before mom went back to her old bitching. Ivy's learned to shut her mouth---but she refuses to learn to sit back quietly, not when they're talking about "that damn dog" like *he's* the cancer in this apartment. It's not *his* fault he's old and sick. Once, Ivy might've ranted about this to Tara, but who knows what that girl's up to anymore. Nico's the one who hears her out instead. He gets it. Adults suck. / Tara hasn't talked to Ivy for, what, weeks now? She's not keeping track. She's a little preoccupied.
- Tara & Ava: Sometimes Tara tries asking Ava what *her* life's like. Like, okay, she lives with her grandfather and he and his now-deceased husband raised Ava pretty "free reign" like their own childhood, that's one thing. One of them even got her into taxidermy. But, see, they seem pretty actively supportive, and sometimes when she talks about cutting class to come here it sounds like no one knows about what's going on. What gives, something happen? Ava just shrugs, says it hasn't been the same since da died. / Ava really wishes this summer could last forever. Tara's learning taxidermy pretty well, isn't afraid to get her hands dirty; even gave Ava the thumbs-up on a custom kitten morph. Just wait 'til she sees what it's for.

### later still
- Ivy & Nico: They crossed the line. Ivy's not stupid; she saw the date on the calendar, and it's *way* too close. She's not even going to pick a fight. This time, Nico hears her plan; and he's got ideas here, too. / Nico's home alone a lot. Which means Ivy's free to come over and stay long as she needs to. In the back of his head is Tara's worrywart voice; he's going to get questioned by the *police,* he can't just *do* this. They're both mega-screwed, dude. But like, aren't they screwed enough already? Isn't it worth *trying* to save what they have, instead of sitting around twiddling thumbs while it all falls apart?
- Nico & Tara: Nico didn't *want* her to know about the plan, but she probably would've found out sooner or later anyway, living next door and all. Plus he felt bad. They haven't really talked in a while, and whatever she's been doing, her mood took a really sudden nosedive. Nico's still her friend, despite everything. He's trying to help. / Tara knows there is no way in *hell* Nico's going to understand what's going on. This isn't a girl vs boy thing anymore, nothing *like* it---and knowing him, he'll make some joke about it anyway. *Stupid.* She tries not to think that about the kid who used to be so inseparable, but they've *changed,* god damn it. They've changed. Maybe not for the better.
	- [ok got sidetracked  again we are going back abruptly to Short]
- Sara & Tara: Sara- "you brought home the kitten and she's dead and stuffed. wth. -cries on sight-" / Tara- "aw. awwwwww oh shit. yeah I thought that was a little fucked up when Ava showed me but it didn't Sink In until I saw you crying lmao hahaha. man fml. -projects everything onto Sara in that moment and possibly yells at her to shut up, feels like ass about it after-"
- Tara & Ava: Tara- "AVA. GIRL. WTH. WHAT DO YOU *MEAN* YOU'RE LEAVING NOW I BARELY PROCESSED THE CAT" / Ava- "8,^) sorry g2g! have a nice life, keep this place alive for me"
	- [belated realization that Tara keeps getting like, the Raw Panic of when a friend has a shit mental health day and there is absolutely Fuck All you can do about it. wheeeeeee]

### that one night
- dog gone
- Tara also gone... conclusion: FIND
- Tara: "I killed ur dog shitlips :)" (don't forget to like. emphasize the whole Living Life To The Fullest (and then yeeting away)" thing) / Ivy: >:(
- Nico: "hey man wtf you can't do that. i'm gonna kill you" / Tara: "BET LOL"
- N+I: he actually did it. :( / he actually really did do it. :(

## aftermath
- Nico real depression hours
- Ivy real depression hours also except kicked under a rug really really really really really really really really really hard kicked and crumpled forever die
- Dodder comes in at this point but idk how far this is going
- it could maybe really just straight up stop with Tara's death. is this anything